Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Give a foot massage to the person on your right.
Say something dirty to the person on your left.
Eat something without using your hands.
Twerk for a minute.
Keep your eyes closed until it’s your go again.
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Show off your orgasm face.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what’s inside.
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Try to lick your elbow.
Be someone’s pet for the next 1 minutes.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Tell the saddest story you know.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Howl like a wolf.
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh.
Kiss the person to your left.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Give this dare to you want (Eat 1/2 spoon of honey).
Do the act of a earthworm.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Choose someone from the group to give you a spanking.
Hold a funny face for the rest of the round.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Put ice cubes down your pants.
Lick the floor.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Do pushups until you can’t do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.

Dance for 30 seconds to a Snoop Dogg song.
Post your oldest phone selfie as your Instagram story.
Jump in the shower with your clothes on.
Give a foot massage to the person on your right. 
Do 100 squats.
Crawl around the room.
Take a shot. 
Sing the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner. 
Curse like a sailor for 30 seconds straight. 
Give a 5-minute makeover to the person on your right.
Call your dad and say you got engaged. 
Hold your nose while you sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Put on as many layers of clothes as possible in only 60 seconds.
Crack an egg between your hands.
Hold three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt. 
Howl like a wolf on the moon.
Empty your wallet/purse and show everyone whatever is inside.
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Close your eyes until your next turn.
Read the last 5 text messages on your phone. 
Make the ugliest face you possibly can.
Impersonate your favorite animal.
Try to put your whole hand in your mouth.
Do your best to impersonate the person to your right.
Belly dance to Moroccan music. 
Try to lick your elbow.
Do a cartwheel.
Pretend to be the person to your left for the next 15 minutes.
Empty your wallet or purse and show everybody what is inside.
Eat a whole raw clove of garlic.
Melt ice on the back of the person next to you.
Do a magic trick.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Chug a carbonated drink and burp as loud as possible.
Take a bite of a stick of butter.
Kiss the pet dog on the lips.
Talk to a pillow as if it is your crush.
Prank call a friend or family member.
I dare you to do 50 pushups. 
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Keep twerking for two minutes.
Pick someone in this room and (lovingly) roast them for one minute straight.
I dare you to do the worm.
Give the person to your left a wet willy.
Lick a bar of soap.
Make a cocktail for everyone in the group.
Do an interpretive dance of human life.
Jump as high as you can for one minute.
Tell the funniest story of how you met someone in the group.
Call a random friend and sign them Happy Birthday. 
For the next 10 minutes, every time someone asks you something, respond with a bark.
Let the person next to you wax you wherever they want.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue. If you cannot, touch another person’s nose with your tongue.
Update your relationship status to 'engaged' on all your Social Media accounts.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Get in the weirdest yoga pose you have ever done.
I dare you to hula hoop for 10 minutes straight.
Keep doing your favorite TikTok dance until your next turn.
I dare you to smell someone’s armpit.
Pretend the person to your right is your girlfriend or boyfriend and beg them not to leave you.
Say a few honest things about everyone else in the group.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out. 
Order a pizza for the group.
Find a way to scare another player in the next 10 minutes and make it a surprise.
Call a family member on your phone and sing a song chosen by the group. No talking allowed!
Do your best runway walk.

Fake cry.
Call the last person you texted and just “meow” into the phone.
Reply to your crush's Instagram story with heart-eye emojis.
Do your best impersonation of the person to your right.
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of Sriracha
Change your profile picture to an unflattering photo for one day.
Go on Instagram and like every photo of the first person you see.
Text a random number a selfie.
Chug a carbonated drink and burp as loud as possible.
Take a bite of a stick of butter.
Call a family member on your phone and sing a song chosen by the group. No talking allowed!
Talk in the voice of the opposite gender for the rest of the game.
Call your parents and say you got engaged.
Get in the weirdest yoga pose you’ve ever done.
Brush your teeth with peanut butter.
Do an interpretive dance of human life.
Do your favorite TikTok dance.
Bark at a dog passing by the house.
Eat a whole raw clove of garlic.
Send your crush an embarrassing selfie
Eat a spoonful of mayonnaise
Dance for one minute with no music
Read your last text out loud
Show the room your Google search history
Send the last person you texted a message that says “I love you”
Go outside and yell as loud as you can
Knock on the neighbor’s door and ask for an egg
Attempt the first TikTok dance that comes up on your FYP
Do 5 push-ups
Drink a glass of water without using your hands
Let someone in the room do your makeup
Pretend to be the person to your right
Use one word to describe every person in the room
Hold a plank for a full minute
Draw a picture of the person on your left
Call your crush
Eat ketchup straight from the bottle
Imitate a celebrity until the group guesses right
Dump a glass of water over your head
Let someone in the room style your hair whatever way they want
Say the alphabet backwards
Sniff the person to your right’s feet
Stand on one foot until your next turn
Eat a snack without using your hands
Wear a blindfold for the remainder of the game
Do your best runway model walk
Drink a cup of pickle juice
Spin around quickly five times then try to walk in a straight line
Stay frozen in place until your next turn
Text your first five contacts “Hey what’s up”
Name a famous celebrity that looks like each player
Try to lick your elbow
Put ice in your socks and keep them there until your next turn
Do an impression of someone in the room