When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
when was you farted?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
When was the last time you peed in bed?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
What is your deepest darkest fear?
When was the last time you lied?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to anyone?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
What’s your biggest regret?
What is the most embarrassing series of texts you have on your phone?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
Do you have a hidden talent?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What pictures or videos of you do you wish didn’t exist?
Tell me about your most awkward date.
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve done in public?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
What’s the worst thing anyone’s ever done to you?
What’s your worst habit?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn’t have?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
Who is the sexiest person here?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
What was the cruellest joke you played on someone?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
Tell me something you don’t want me to know.
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?

Name someone you pretended to like but actually could not stand.
Would you date your high school crush today?
What app do you waste the most time on?
What is the cheapest gift you've ever gotten for someone else?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told? 
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones?
What is the meanest thing you have ever said to someone else?
What is the craziest thing you have done in front of a mirror?
What is the craziest thing you have done on public transportation?
Where are you ticklish?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your most bizarre nickname?
What is something you love to do with your friends that you would never do with your partner?
Who are you most jealous of? Why?
Have you ever cheated on a partner?
What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a week? 
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
What is the meanest thing you've ever said about someone else?
What is the most embarrassing photo of you? 
How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
What is a secret you have never told anyone?
What is the stupidest thing you ever did as a teenager?
Boxers or briefs?
What is one movie you are embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
What is your biggest fantasy? 
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done?
When was the last time you cried? 
What do most people assume about you that is not at all true?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
Are you afraid of the dark?
How many selfies do you take per day?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
Do you eat food off the floor?
What is one silly thing you cannot live without?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without showering?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What excuse have you used before to get out of plans?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
Have you ever stolen something?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Where is the weirdest place you have ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the boldest pickup line you have ever used?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Who is the last person you crept on social media?
What was the most awkward date you ever went on?
Tell the story of the drunkest you have ever been.
When was the last time you wet the bed?
What is your favorite part of your body? Why?
What is one item you hope nobody ever finds in your room?
What is the biggest secret you have kept from your parents?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
Do you snore?
Do you ever drool in your sleep?
What animal most closely resembles your style of eating?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
Have you ever farted and blamed someone else?
If you could only say one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
Who is the funniest person here?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, what would it be?
If you run out of toilet paper, would you wipe your bum with the empty roll?
Would you rather have to walk around naked for a day or have your thoughts displayed as thought bubbles for everyone to read?
What is your worst bad habit?
Who is the best-looking person here?
What is your biggest regret?
Tell us your hidden talent.
What is the best date you have been on?
Have you ever stayed friends with someone because it benefitted you beyond just the friendship?
Who would you like to kiss in this room? Who?
Where is the weirdest place you have had sex?
What is the silliest thing you feel emotionally attached to?
What is your favorite position?
Who would you hate to see naked in this room?
Name a time you think you were a bad partner.
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
What is the worst date you have been on?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever done in a relationship?
Who would you love to see naked in this room?
Do you have any fetishes?
What is your biggest fantasy?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is the worst intimate experience you have ever had?
What is the best intimate experience you have ever had?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What is the worst prank that someone played on you?
What is your favorite thing that your significant other does for you?
What is the wildest thing you have ever done to get someone's attention?
With whom (from the group) would you want to spend your days on a deserted island?

Do you eat food off the floor?
What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told?
What is the longest you’ve gone without a shower?
Do you talk in your sleep?
What do most people assume about you that isn’t true?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
Have you ever broken the law?
Do you ever pick your nose?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
Do you snore?
What is the most embarrassing photo of you?
Have you ever skipped school or work?
If you could reincarnate in someone else’s body, who would you want to become?
Who was the last person you searched on Instagram?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done in front of a mirror?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
Who is the best-looking person in school?
Have you ever shared a secret you weren’t supposed to tell?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Who was your first kiss?
What do you hope your parents never find out?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve posted on social media?
Have you ever farted and blamed someone else?
Do you ever drool in your sleep?
If you run out of toilet paper, would you wipe with the empty roll?
What is your biggest regret?
Who do you have a crush on?
Who was your first crush?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever been on?
What’s the best date you’ve ever been on?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What was your last lie?
Have you ever been ghosted?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
Have you ever lost a friend?
What is your most embarrassing habit?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would it be?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever been in love?
Do you believe in soulmates?
What is your happiest memory?
Have you ever been broken up with?
Have you ever broken up with someone?
What is your biggest fear?
When was the last time you cried?
What is the last text you sent?
What are you most insecure about?
What about yourself are you most proud of?
What is the best advice you ever received?
What is the worst advice you ever received?
Why did your last relationship end?
Have you ever been heartbroken?
Have you ever broken someone’s heart?
What would you get a tattoo of if you could get one right now?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Has there ever been a rumor spread about you?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s significant other?